docs: standardize gitlab documentation (#1023)
GitCredentialManager/git-credential-manager: docs/gitlab.md

Git Credential Manager supports [gitlab.com][gitlab] out the box.

## Using on another instance

To use on another instance, eg. `https://gitlab.example.com` requires setup and
configuration:

1. [Create an OAuth application][gitlab-oauth]. This can be at the user, group
or instance level. Specify a name and use a redirect URI of `http://127.0.0.1/`.
_Unselect_ the 'Confidential' option. Set the 'read_repository' and
'write_repository' scopes.
1. Copy the application ID and configure
`git config --global credential.https://gitlab.example.com.gitLabDevClientId <APPLICATION_ID>`
1. Copy the application secret and configure
`git config --global credential.https://gitlab.example.com.gitLabDevClientSecret
<APPLICATION_SECRET>`

> 1. Optional if you want to force OAuth:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you would like to use OAuth, configure authentication modes to include 'browser'
```

Author: @ldennington I don't think that wording quite works. In my experimentation if that option is provided only browser auth is authorized whereas if `browser` option is not provided user is prompted to select between browser, token, and username/password.

Reviewer: Perhaps then we could say something like `Optional if you want to force browser auth`?

Author: Updated
